Matplotlib is a comprehensive library for creating static, animated, and interactive visualizations in Python. Matplotlib makes easy things easy and hard things possible.

Pandas is a Python library used for working with data sets. It has functions for analyzing, cleaning, exploring, and manipulating data. The name "Pandas" has a reference to both "Panel Data", and "Python Data Analysis"

Numpy is faster than regular Python programming language arrays, which lack numpy's optimized and pre-compiled C code that does all the heavy lifting when it comes to new array creation, as well as transposing, iterating, reshaping etc, array elements like tuples, booleans and other data structures.

Seaborn is a Python data visualization library based on matplotlib. It provides a high-level interface for drawing attractive and informative statistical graphics.allows users to create complex and customized plots quickly.

Matplotlib is mainly deployed for basic plotting. Visualization using Matplotlib generally consists of bars, pies, lines, scatter plots and so on. Seaborn: Seaborn, on the other hand, provides a variety of visualization patterns. It uses fewer syntax and has easily interesting default themes.

Pyplot---->plotting simple 2D graphs using Python

Matplotlib Inline command is a magic command that makes the plots generated by matplotlib show into the IPython shell that we are running and not in a separate output window.
%matplotlib inline will lead to static images of your plot embedded in the notebook.

rcparams-->a dictionary of most matplotlib styling that you set at the start of your notebook and it will apply to all your plots

pd.options.mode.chained_assignment = None    # ignore the warning,no warning message and no exception is raised

df-->dataframe

inplace-->is an operation that changes directly the content of a given linear algebra, vector, matrices(Tensor) without making a copy.

outliners--->the values that fall more than three standard deviations from the mean are typically considered outliers. Outliers can find their way into a dataset naturally through variability, or they can be the result of issues like human error, faulty equipment, or poor sampling.

regplot() method is used to plot data and draw a linear regression model fit

Correlation describes the strength of an association between two variables,

The Pearson correlation measures the strength of the linear relationship between two variables. It has a value between -1 to 1, with a value of -1 meaning a total negative linear correlation, 0 being no correlation, and + 1 meaning a total positive correlation.

Kendall rank correlation (non-parametric) is an alternative to Pearson's correlation (parametric) when the data you're working with has failed one or more assumptions of the test.

spearman is also non parametric
to measure the degree of association between two variables.

Pearson's coefficient measures linear correlation, while the Spearman and Kendall coefficients compare the ranks of data

Spearman's rho is more sensitive to error, kendal is more robust

cat. codes is for categorical data and get_dummies is for object

